All right. So at this point to make life a lot easier, at least I just want to find the derivative of each one of these the first one quite easy. F x equals x to the town says that the power we just pulled that number out front and then we simply subtract 1 from our exponent so we would have 10 or try to use that long definition at the Vex + H - f of x over age would take you quite a bit of work to get there. So kind of nice out how quick and easy we can get the solution next one here G of x equals x + 3 x + 4 Okay. Case of the 5/2 that's going to come out front a little better. * 5 / 2 is going to come right out front. Then we have to subtract one. So maybe I'll write that is going to be our new exponent. Can I be really clear here when you're multiplying by a constant? The one with the exponent 0 cos tan is Jesse 0 + 4 pretty well, so we got 5/2 times x to the 5 have given 3 / 2 a number and raise it to the zero power. We're going to get just one we can just write 3 * 603 * 101 * x + 3. So what happens if it comes out front like normal the number X basically? And last but not least. Let's look at our last one here. So we had hmx? Equals 1 over X and maybe just to remind you remember the x-rays to the m and then turn right that has x-ray to come over next to the first Tower underneath derivative rule we need so I can rewrite the negative one third spot where I can take the derivative. 7/3 subtract 1 but I can write 3/3 common denominators is -1 / 3 x negative one minus negative over negative rewrite. This is -1 / 3x to the positive. What kind of soil using this little rule of here first? We have x to the fourth power. So that's how we could sort of rewrite it all again using radical notation. So, how are some basic rules here? You'll use these all the time in calculus definition license much easier now. So but again now the fun part is they're going to give you a really complicated functions to take the derivative of a shortcut to make life a lot easier when taking derivatives.